Add space-level metrics (#1016)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/6.monitor-and-metrics/1.query-performance-metrics.md

|Metric type|`sum`|Indicates how the metrics are collected. Supported types are SUM, COUNT, AVG, RATE, and the P-th sample quantiles such as P75, P95, P99, and P99.9.|
|Time range|`600`|The time range in seconds for the metric collection. Supported values are 5, 60, 600, and 3600, representing the last 5 seconds, 1 minute, 10 minutes, and 1 hour.|

### Space-level metrics

The Graph service supports a set of space-level metrics that record the information of different graph spaces separately.

> The name of space-level metrics include the graph space names in the form of `{space=space_name}`, for example,  `query_latency_us{space=basketballplayer}.avg.3600`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name of space-level metrics contains the corresponding graph space name in the form of `{space=space_name}`, for example,  `query_latency_us{space=basketballplayer}.avg.3600`.
```
